Describe `noInterrupts` disabling USB handshakes (#891)
arduino/reference-en: Language/Functions/Interrupts/noInterrupts.adoc

  // other code here
}
----
[%hardbreaks]

[float]
=== Notes and Warnings

> Note that disabling interrupts on the Arduino Nano 3.3v BLE will make the board

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that disabling interrupts on the Arduino boards with native USB capabilities (e.g., link:https://docs.arduino.cc/hardware/leonardo[Leonardo^]) will make the board
```

The information should be made generally applicable, rather than arbitrarily specific to a single board.

I chose Leonardo as the example of the affected class of boards because I think it is the most well known.

Author: Okay, I only had the Nano 3.3v BLE to test so wasn't sure if it was actually generally applicable. But am happy to make the change 👍 . Is there a reason to link the leonardo specifically?

> not appear in the Ports tab, since this disables its ability to respond to USB
> handshakes (see  https://arduino.stackexchange.com/a/90045/83235[this answer^])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not appear in the Port menu, since this disables its USB capability.
```

- Ports are shown in a menu, not a tab (traditionally the **Tools > Port** menu in the Arduino IDE)
- Avoid unnecessary low level USB details
- Remove external link (these must be approved by management which can be a lengthy process, and I don't think the link adds anything of value).

Author: - Fair point about menu vs tab, I'll make the change.
- I'll defer to your judgement about what's unnecessary, but I would ask where these low level details should go if not in the reference material? Personally I've struggled a lot trying to figure out the lower level details of Arduino because a lot of guides assume you just want to do very simple projects and don't give much detail beyond that. (I'll make the change, but did just want to ask the question.)
- Ah, that's a pity about the external links needing management approval (It would be nice to give a link for people to read up if they want to, especially on a site like Stack Overflow) but I agree it won't be worth the hassle. I'll remove the link.

Reviewer: >where these low level details should go if not in the reference material?

The Arduino Language Reference hosted in this repository is intended to provide all the information needed to use the Arduino core API and language syntax (C++), and no more.

I don't think a subject like USB handshakes is in scope for that (certainly not for this specific page).

The scope of the documentation content hosted in https://github.com/arduino/docs-content is much more broad. An introductory tutorial to more low level USB concepts might well be a valuable addition to that content. I would focus on creating something that is still directly relevant to Arduino projects, rather than only a general discussion of USB, which would likely be hosted elsewhere on the Internet.
